docs: add release notes for 0.26.4 (#8451)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Version 0.26
**************

Version 0.26.4
==============

**Release Date:** November 17, 2023

**Breaking Changes**

> -  CLI: The old CLI command to patch master log config has been changed from ``det master config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  CLI: The CLI command to patch the master log config has been changed from ``det master config
```

   --log --level <log_level> --color <on/off>`` to ``det master config set --log.level=<log_level>
   --log.color=<on/off>``.

**New Features**

-  Experiments: Add an experiment continue feature via a CLI command ``det e continue
   <experiment-id>``. This allows users to resume or recover training for an experiment whether it
   previously succeeded or failed. This is limited to single-searcher experiments and using it may
   prevent the user from replicating the continued experiment's results.

-  Experiments: Add a ``log_policies`` configuration option to define actions when a trial's log
   matches specified patterns.

   -  The ``exclude_node`` action prevents a failed trial's restart attempts (due to its

>       max_restarts policy) from being scheduled on nodes with matched error logs. This is useful for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ``max_restarts`` policy) from being scheduled on nodes with matching error logs. This is useful for
```

      bypassing nodes with hardware issues like uncorrectable GPU ECC errors.

   -  The ``cancel_retries`` action prevents a trial from restarting if a trial reports a log that

>       matches the pattern, even if it has remaining max_restarts. This avoids using resources for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      matches the pattern, even if it has remaining ``max_restarts``. This avoids using resources for
```

      such as CUDA memory issues. For details, visit :ref:`experiment-config-reference` and
      :ref:`master-config-reference`.

   This option is also configurable at the cluster or resource pool level via task container
   defaults.

-  Experiments: Add a new experiment config option ``log_policies`` to allow configuring policies to
   take after a regex is matched. There are two action types a trial can be configured to take

   -  ``exclude_node``: If a trial fails and restarts, the trial will not schedule on a node that
      reported a log that matched the regex provided. This can be used to allow trials to avoid
      being scheduled on nodes with certain hardware issues like uncorrectable gpu ECC errors.

   -  ``cancel_retries``: If a trial reports a log that matches this pattern, the trial will not be
      restarted. This is useful for certain errors that are not transient such as too large of a
      model that causes a CUDA out of memory error.

   This can also be configured on a cluster or per resource pool option through task container
   defaults. Please see :ref:`experiment-config-reference` and :ref:`master-config-reference` for
   more information.

> 

Reviewer: This is a duplicate.
```suggestion
```

-  CLI: Add a new CLI command ``det e delete-tb-files [Experiment ID]`` to delete local TensorBoard

>    files associated to a given experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   files associated with a given experiment.
```

**Improvements**

-  Update default environment images to Python 3.9 from Python 3.8.

**Bug Fixes**

-  Kubernetes: Support enabling and disabling agents to prevent Determined from scheduling jobs on
   specific nodes.

>    Upgrading from a version before this feature to a version after this feature only on Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On Kubernetes, upgrading from a version before this feature to a version after this feature
```

Author: this was my bad, I accidentally picked up an old release note

since it was an auto save emacs file that I have git ignored

Reviewer: `backup-directory-alist` (https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Backup.html) :wink:

   will cause queued allocations to be killed on upgrade. Users can pause queued experiments to
   avoid this.

-  Users: Fix an issue where if a user's remote was set to true through ``det user edit <username>
   --remote=true`` that user could still login through a username and password.

> 

Reviewer: Duplicate.
```suggestion
```

-  Users: Fix an issue where if a user's remote status was edited through ``det user edit <username>

>    --remote=true`` that user could still login through their username and password while they were
>    expected to only be able to login through IDP integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --remote=true``, that user could still log in using their username and password; they should only
   be able to log in through IdP integrations.
```
